1/Walmart/Vudu, Moosejaw, Asda, Stores Ltd, Sam’s Club, Jet.com, ModCloth, Art.com, Seiyu Group, ELOQUII, Bare Necessities, Flipkart, Massmart, Bonobos, Shoes.com, Aspectiva, Lider, Amigo, Hayneedle, Best Price Modern Wholesale, CARHCO/ Walmart, Inc. engages in retail and wholesale business. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices. It operates through the following business segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International, and Sam's Club. The Walmart U.S. segment operates as a merchandiser of consumer products, operating under the Walmart, Wal-Mart, and Walmart Neighborhood Market brands, as well as walmart.com and other eCommerce brands. The Walmart International segment manages supercenters, supermarkets, hypermarkets, warehouse clubs, and cash & carry outside of the United States. The Sam's Club segment comprises membership-only warehouse clubs and samsclubs.com. The company was founded by Samuel Moore Walton and James Lawrence Walton in 1945 and is headquartered in Bentonville, AR.
2/Amazon/A9.com, Maritime, Annapurna Labs, Audible.com, Beijing Century, Joyo Courier Services, Brilliance Audio, ComiXology, CreateSpace, Eero, Goodreads, Health Navigator, Junglee, Kuiper Systems, Lab126, Ring, Shelfari Souq, Twitch, Whole Foods/ Amazon.com, Inc. engages in the provision of online retail shopping services. It operates through the following business segments: North America, International, and Amazon Web Services (AWS). The North America segment includes retail sales of consumer products and subscriptions through North America-focused websites such as www.amazon.com and www.amazon.ca. The International segment offers retail sales of consumer products and subscriptions through internationally-focused websites. The Amazon Web Services segment involves in the global sales of compute, storage, database, and AWS service offerings for start-ups, enterprises, government agencies, and academic institutions. The company was founded by Jeffrey P. Bezos in July 1994 and is headquartered in Seattle, WA.
3/Exxon/XTO Energy, InterOil, BOPCO, Celtic Exploration, Jurong Aromatics, Esso, Mobil, ExxonMobil Chemical/ Exxon Mobil Corp. engages in the exploration, development, and distribution of oil, gas, and petroleum products. It operates through the following segments: Upstream, Downstream and Chemical. The Upstream segment produces crude oil and natural gas. The Downstream segment manufactures and trades petroleum products. The Chemical segment offers petrochemicals. The company was founded by John D. Rockefeller in 1882 and is headquartered in Irving, TX.
4/Apple/Network Innovations, Orion Network Systems, Styleware, Nashoba Systems, Coral Software, NeXT, Power Computing Corporation, Xemplar Education, Raycer Graphics, NetSelector, Astarte-DVD Authoring Software, SoundJam MP, Bluefish Labs, bluebuzz, Spruce Technologies, PowerSchool, Nothing Real, Zayante, Silicon Grail Corp-Chalice, Propel Software, Prismo Graphics, Emagic, SchemaSoft, FingerWorks, Silicon Color, Proximity, P.A. Semi, Placebase, Lala.com, Quattro Wireless, Intrinsity, Siri, Gipsy Moth Studios, Poly9, Polar Rose, IMSense, Apple TV, Apple Watch, Apple Watch SE, HomePod, HomePod mini, iMac, iMac Pro, iPad, iPad Pro, iPad Mini, iPad Air, iPhone, iPhone SE, iPod touch, Mac Pro, Mac Mini, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro/Apple Inc. designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers and portable digital music players. The Company sells a range of related software, services, accessories, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company's segments include the Americas, Europe, Greater China, Japan and Rest of Asia Pacific. The Americas segment includes both North and South America. The Europe segment includes European countries, India, the Middle East and Africa. The Greater China segment includes China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. The Rest of Asia Pacific segment includes Australia and the Asian countries not included in the Company's other operating segments. Its products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple Watch, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, iPhone OS (iOS), OS X and watchOS operating systems, iCloud, Apple Pay and a range of accessory, service and support offerings.
5/CVS Health/Radiance Platinum, radiance, Beauty 360, Makeup Academy, Skin+Pharmacy, Essence of Beauty, Pop-arrazi, Gold Emblem, Gold Emblem abound, Total Home, Caliber, Big Chill, Ice Canyon, Pet Central, Just the Basics, CVS Pharmacy, MinuteClinic, CVS Caremark, CVS Specialty, Longs Drugs, Navarro Discount Pharmacies, Accordant, Coram, Omnicare/CVS Health Corp. engages in the provision of health care services. It operates through the following segments: Pharmacy Services, Retail or Long Term Care, Health Care Benefits, and Corporate. ... The Retail or Long Term Care segment includes selling of prescription drugs and assortment of general merchandise.
6/Berkshire Hathwaway/Acme Brick Company, International Dairy Queen, Ben Bridge Jeweler, IMC International Metalworking Companies, Benjamin Moore & Co., Johns Manville, Berkshire Hathaway Automotive, Jordan's Furniture, Berkshire Hathaway Direct Insurance Company, Justin Brands, Berkshire Hathaway Energy Company, Kraft Heinz, Berkshire Hathaway GUARD Insurance Companies, Larson-Juhl, Berkshire Hathaway Homestate Companies, LiquidPower Specialty Products Inc, LSPI, Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance, Louis, Louis - Motorcycle & Leisure, biBERK Business Insurance, Lubrizol Corporation, BoatU.S., Marmon Holdings, Borsheims Fine Jewelry, McLane Company, Brooks, MedPro Group, BNSF, MiTek Inc, MiTek, Business Wire, MLMIC Insurance Company, Central States Indemnity Company, National Indemnity Company, Charter Brokerage, Nebraska Furniture Mart, Clayton Homes, NetJets, CORT Business Services, Oriental Trading Company, CTB, CTB, Pampered Chef, Duracell, Precision Castparts Corp, Fechheimer Brothers Company, Precision Steel Warehouse, FlightSafety, RC Willey Home Furnishings, Forest River, Richline Group, Fruit of the Loom Companies, Scott Fetzer Companies, Garan Incorporated, See's Candies, Gateway Underwriters Agency, Shaw Industries, GEICO Auto Insurance, GEICO, Star Furniture, General Re, TTI, Helzberg Diamonds, United States Liability Insurance Group, H.H. Brown Shoe Group, XTRA Corporation, HomeServices of America/Berkshire Hathaway is a holding company for a multitude of businesses, including GEICO and Fruit of the Loom. It's run by chairman and CEO Warren Buffett. Berkshire Hathaway is headquartered in Omaha, Neb., and was originally a company comprised of a group of textile milling plants.
7/UnitedHealthGroup/UnitedHealthcare, Ovations, Uniprise, Specialized Care Services and Ingenix/UnitedHealth Group, Inc. engages in the provision of health care coverage, software, and data consultancy services. It operates through the following segments: UnitedHealthcare, OptumHealth, OptumInsight, and OptumRx. The UnitedHealthcare segment utilizes Optum's capabilities to help coordinate patient care, improve affordability of medical care, analyze cost trends, manage pharmacy benefits, work with care providers more effectively, and create a simpler consumer experience. The OptumHealth segment provides health services business serving the broad health care marketplace, including payers, care providers, employers, government, life sciences companies, and consumers. The OptumInsight segment focuses on data and analytics, technology, and information to help major participants in the health care industry. The OptumRx segment provides pharmacy care services. The company was founded by Richard T. Burke in January 1977 and is headquartered in Minneapolis, MN.
8/McKesson/Rexall, McKesson Provider Technologies, McKesson Medical Supplies and Equipment, Health Mart pharmacy franchise, NDC, National Data Corporation/McKesson Corp. engages in the provision of supply chain management solutions, retail pharmacy, community oncology and specialty care, and healthcare information technology. It operates through the following segments: U.S. Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions; European Pharmaceutical Solutions; Medical-Surgical Solutions and Other. The U.S. Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions segment distributes pharmaceutical and other healthcare-related products and also provides pharmaceutical solutions to pharmaceutical manufacturers in the United States. The European Pharmaceutical Solutions segment provides distribution and services to wholesale, institutional and retail customers and serves patients and consumers in 13 European countries. The Medical-Surgical Solutions segment focuses on medical-surgical supplies and provides logistics and other services to healthcare providers in the United States. The Other segment comprises on McKesson Canada, McKesson Prescription Technology Solutions and in a joint venture. The company was founded by John McKesson and Charles Olcott in 1833 and is headquartered in Irving, TX.
9/at&t/Aio Wireless, Ameritech, Ameritech Cellular, Ameritech Interactive Media Services, Ameritech Publishing, AT&T Cybersecurity, AT&T Digital Life, AT&T Alascom, AT&T Business Internet, AT&T CallVantage, AT&T CommunicationsAT&T Computer Systems, AT&T FSM Library, AT&T Information Systems, AT&T Laboratories, AT&T Labs, AT&T Mexico, AT&T Mobility, AT&T Technologies, AT&T Wireless Services, Bell System, Bell Telephone Company, BellSouth, BellSouth Advertising & Publishing, BellSouth Long Distance, BellSouth Mobility DCS, BellSouth Telecommunications, Centennial Communications, CenturyTel of the Midwest-Kendall, Cricket Wireless, DirecTV, Dobson Cellular, Firstlight Media, Houston Cellular, Illinois Bell, Indiana Bell, International Bell Telephone Company, Leap Wireless, Michigan Bell, Nevada Bell, NorthPoint Communications, Ohio Bell, Pacific Bell, Pacific Bell Directory, Pacific Bell Wireless, Pacific Telesis, Prodigy, QLT Consumer Lease Services, SBC Long Distance, SBC Telecom, SKY Brasil, South Central Bell,Southern Bell, Southwestern Bell, Southwestern Bell Internet Services, Southwestern Bell Mobile Systems, Southwestern Bell Yellow Pages, Unefón, Univel, Unix System Laboratories, AT&T U-verse, Vrio Corp, Vyatta, WarnerMedia, Wisconsin Bell/AT&T, Inc. is a holding company, which engages in the provision of telecommunications media and technology service. It operates through the following segments: Communications, WarnerMedia, Latin America and Xandr. The Communications segment provides services to businesses and consumers located in the U.S., or in U.S. territories, and businesses globally. The WarnerMedia segment develops, produces and distributes feature films, television, gaming and other content over various physical and digital formats. The Latin America segment provides entertainment and wireless services outside of the U.S. The Xandar segment provides advertising services. The company was founded in 1983 and is headquartered in Dallas, TX.
10/AmerisourceBergen/ASD Healthcare, Besse Medical, Cubixx Solutions, HealthForward, ICS, Innomar Strategies, IntrinsiQ Specialty Solutions, ION Solutions, Lash Group, MWI Animal Health U.K., Micro Technologies, MWI Animal Health, Oncology Supply, Pharmacy Healthcare Solutions, Securos Surgical, US Bioservices, World Courier, Xcenda/AmerisourceBergen Corp. engages provision of pharmaceutical products and business solutions that improve access to care. It operates through the Pharmaceutical Distribution Services and Other segments. The Pharmaceutical Distribution Services segment distributes a comprehensive offering of brand-name, specialty brand-name & generic pharmaceuticals, over-the-counter healthcare products, home healthcare supplies & equipment, outsourced compounded sterile preparations, and related services to a wide variety of healthcare providers, including acute care hospitals and health systems, independent & chain retail pharmacies, mail order pharmacies, medical clinics, long-term care & alternate site pharmacies, and other customers. The Other segment focuses on global commercialization services and animal health and includes ABCS, World Courier, and MWI. The company was founded in 1947 and is headquartered in Chesterbrook, PA.
11/Alphabet/Android, AdSense, Analytics, Ara, AdMob, Google Alerts, Blogger, Boston Dynamics, Google Books, Calico, Google Cardboard, Capital, Google Drive, DeepMind, Google Design, DoubleClick, Google Earth, Google Express, Google Fiber, Google Fi, Google Flights, FeedBurner, Firebase, Google Finance, Google, Gmail, Google Glass, Google Groups, Google Hangouts, Google Images, Ingress, Inbox, Invite Media, Jump, Keep, Life Sciences, Local, Loon, Maps, My Business, Makani, Nest, News, Nexus, Now, Offers, Plus, Play, Photos, Picasa, Pixate, Patents, Nexus, Q, Refine, reCaptcha, Search, Shopping, SageTV, Stackdriver, Skybox, Skia, Scholar, Google Translate, Tango, Google Voice, Ventures, VirusTotal, Google Video, Wallet, Wing, X Labs, YouTube, Project Z, Zagat, Google Drive, Google Pixel/Alphabet, Inc. is a holding company, which engages in the business of acquisition and operation of different companies. It operates through the Google and Other Bets segments. The Google segment includes its main Internet products such as ads, Android, Chrome, hardware, Google Cloud, Google Maps, Google Play, Search, and YouTube. The Other Bets segment consists of businesses such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Verily, Waymo, and X. The company was founded by Lawrence E. Page and Sergey Mikhaylovich Brin on October 2, 2015 and is headquartered in Mountain View, CA.
12/Ford/AutoAlliance, JMC, Lincoln, Mercury, Super Duty, F-150, Ranger, Transit, E-Series, Transit Connect, Expedition, Explorer, Bronco, Edge, Escape, EcoSport, GT, Mustang/Ford Motor Co. engages in the manufacture, distribution, and sale of automobiles. It operates through the following three segments: Automotive, Mobility, and Ford Credit. The Automotive segment engages in developing, manufacturing, marketing and servicing of Ford cars, Lincoln vehicles. The Mobility segment includes Ford Smart Mobility LLC and autonomous vehicles business. The Ford Credit segment comprises Ford Credit business on a consolidated basis, which is primarily vehicle-related financing and leasing activities. The company was founded by Henry Ford on June 16, 1903 and is headquartered in Dearborn, MI.
13/Cigna/Health Spring, Connecticut general life insurance company, Benefit Management/Cigna Corp. engages in the provision of global health services. It operates through the following segments: Health Services, Integrated Medical, International Markets, and Group Disability and Other. The Health Services segment includes pharmacy benefits management, specialty pharmacy services, clinical solutions, home delivery, and health management services. The Integrated Medical segment offers a variety of health care solutions to employers and individuals. The International Markets segment covers supplemental health, life and accident insurance products; and health care coverage in its international markets as well as health care benefits to globally mobile employees of multinational organizations. The Group Disability and Other segment represents group disability and life, corporate-owned life insurance, and run-off business consisting of reinsurance; settlement authority; and individual life insurance and annuity and retirement benefits business. The company was founded in 1792 and is headquartered in Bloomfield, CT.
14/Costco/Innovel, Kirkland/Costco Wholesale Corp. engages in the operation of membership warehouses. Its product categories include food and sundries, hardlines, fresh foods, softlines, and ancillary. It operates through the following segments: Unites States Operations, Canadian Operations, and Other International Operations. The company was founded by James D. Sinegal and Jeffrey H. Brotman in 1983 and is headquartered in Issaquah, WA.
15/Chevron/Standard Oil, Texaco, Caltex, Unocal, Star Mart, Extra Mile, Redwood Market, Town Pantry, Delo, Havoline, Revtex, Ursa, Techron, Caltex/Chevron Corp. engages in the provision of administrative, financial management, and technology support for energy and chemical operations. It operates through the Upstream and Downstream segments. The Upstream segment consists of exploration, development, and production of crude oil and natural gas; liquefaction, transportation, and regasification associated with liquefied natural gas; transporting crude oil by major international oil export pipelines; processing, transporting, storage, and marketing of natural gas; and a gas-to-liquids plant. The Downstream segment comprises refining of crude oil into petroleum products; marketing of crude oil and refined products; transporting of crude oil and refined products by pipeline, marine vessel, motor equipment, and rail car; and manufacturing and marketing of commodity petrochemicals, plastics for industrial uses, and fuel and lubricant additives. The company was founded in 1906 and is headquartered in San Ramon, CA.
16/Cardinal Health/Bacically about medical and pharmaceutical products and services, too many products and services/Cardinal Health, Inc. is an American multinational health care services company, and the 14th highest revenue generating company in the United States. Its headquarters are based in Dublin, Ohio and Dublin, Ireland (EMEA). The company specializes in the distribution of pharmaceuticals and medical products, serving more than 100,000 locations. The company also manufactures medical and surgical products, including gloves, surgical apparel, and fluid management products. In addition, it operates the largest network of radiopharmacies in the U.S. Cardinal Health provides medical products to over 75 percent of hospitals in the United States.
17/JPMorgan Chase/Chase Bank, J.P. Morgan & Co., One Equity Partners/JPMorgan Chase & Co. is an American multinational investment bank and financial services holding company headquartered in New York City. JPMorgan Chase is ranked by S&P Global as the largest bank in the United States and the seventh largest bank in the world by total assets,[4] with total assets of US$3.213 trillion. It is also the world's most valuable bank by market capitalization. JPMorgan Chase is incorporated in Delaware.
18/General Motors/Buick, Cadillac, Chevrolet, GMC, Holden, Baojun, Jiefang, Wuling/General Motors Company(GM) is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Detroit that designs, manufactures, markets, and distributes vehicles and vehicle parts, and sells financial services, with global headquarters in Detroit's Renaissance Center. It was originally founded by William C. Durant on September 16, 1908, as a holding company, with the present entity established in 2009 after its restructuring.
19/Walgreens Boots Alliance/Alliance Healthcare, Boots UK, Duane Reade, Walgreen Company, Farmacias Benavides, Farmacias Ahumada/Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. is an American holding company headquartered in Deerfield, Illinois, that owns Walgreens, Boots, and a number of pharmaceutical manufacturing, wholesale, and distribution companies. The company was formed on December 31, 2014, after Walgreens purchased the 55% stake in UK and Switzerland-based Alliance Boots that it did not already own. The total price of the acquisition was $4.9 billion in cash and 144.3 million common shares with fair value of $10.7 billion. Walgreens had previously purchased 45% of the company for $4.0 billion and 83.4 million common shares in August 2012 with an option to purchase the remaining shares within three years. Walgreens became a subsidiary of the newly created company after the transactions were completed.
20/Verizon Communications/Verizon Delaware, Verizon Maryland, Verizon North, Verizon New England, Verizon New Jersey, Verizon New York, Verizon Pennsylvania, Verizon South, Verizon Washington DC, Verizon Virginia, BlueJeans, Skyward, Visible, XO Communications, Verizon Hearst Media Partners/Verizon Communications Inc. is an American multinational telecommunications conglomerate and a corporate component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average.The company is based at 1095 Avenue of the Americas in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, but is incorporated in Delaware.
21/Microsoft/Windows, Office, Microsoft Servers, Skype, Visual Studio, Microsoft Dynamics, Xbox, Surface, Microsoft Mobile, Azure, Bing, LinkedIn, Yammer, MSDN, OneDrive, Outlook.com, Github, TechNet, Microsoft0 Pay, Microsoft Store, Xbox Game Pass, Xbox Live/Microsoft Corporation is an American multinational technology company with headquarters in Redmond, Washington. It develops, manufactures, licenses, supports, and sells computer software, consumer electronics, personal computers, and related services. Its best known software products are the Microsoft Windows line of operating systems, the Microsoft Office suite, and the Internet Explorer and Edge web browsers. Its flagship hardware products are the Xbox video game consoles and the Microsoft Surface lineup of touchscreen personal computers. Microsoft ranked No. 21 in the 2020 Fortune 500 rankings of the largest United States corporations by total revenue; it was the world's largest software maker by revenue as of 2016 and is considered one of the domestic Big Five technology companies.
22/Marathon Petroleum/Speedway LLC, Anacortes Refinery, Canton Refinery, Catlettsburg Refinery, Detroit Refinery, Dickinson Refinery, El Paso Refinery, Gallup Refinery, Galveston Bay Refinery, Garyville Refinery, Kenai Refinery, Los Angeles Refinery, Mandan Refinery, Martinez Refinery, Robinson Refinery, Salt Lake City Refinery, 	St. Paul Refinery/Marathon Petroleum Corporation is an American petroleum refining, marketing, and transportation company headquartered in Findlay, Ohio. The company was a wholly owned subsidiary of Marathon Oil until a corporate spin-off in 2011.
23/Kroger/Inter-American Products, Dillons, Fred Meyer, Fred Meyer Jewelers, Harris Teeter, Ralph's, Roundy's, Smith's, Kroger Group Cooperative Inc., Kroger Group Inc., Peytons, WESCO/The Kroger Company, or simply Kroger, is an American retail company founded by Bernard Kroger in 1883 in Cincinnati, Ohio. It is the United States' largest supermarket by revenue ($121.16 billion for fiscal year 2019), and the second-largest general retailer (behind Walmart). Kroger is also the fifth-largest retailer in the world and the fourth largest American-owned private employer in the United States.
24/Fannie Mae/HomeReady, HFA Preferred, Desktop Underwriter, MH Advantage, Community Seconds, HomeStyle/The Federal National Mortgage Association (FNMA), commonly known as Fannie Mae, is a United States government-sponsored enterprise (GSE) and, since 1968, a publicly traded company. Founded in 1938 during the Great Depression as part of the New Deal, the corporation's purpose is to expand the secondary mortgage market by securitizing mortgage loans in the form of mortgage-backed securities (MBS), allowing lenders to reinvest their assets into more lending and in effect increasing the number of lenders in the mortgage market by reducing the reliance on locally based savings and loan associations (or "thrifts"). Its sister organization is the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (FHLMC), better known as Freddie Mac
25/Bank of America/BofA Securities, Merrill, Bank of America Private Bank, Merrill Edge, Banc of America Securities LLC, Bank of America Merrill Lynch/The Bank of America Corporation (simply referred to as Bank of America, often abbreviated as BofA) is an American multinational investment bank and financial services holding company headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina, with central hubs in New York City, London, Hong Kong, Dallas, and Toronto. Founded in San Francisco, Bank of America was formed through NationsBank's acquisition of BankAmerica in 1998. It is the second largest banking institution in the United States, after JPMorgan Chase, and the eighth largest bank in the world. Bank of America is one of the Big Four banking institutions of the United States. It services approximately 10.73% of all American bank deposits, in direct competition with JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, and Wells Fargo. Its primary financial services revolve around commercial banking, wealth management, and investment banking.
26/Home Depot/The Home Depot Pro, Wilmar Industries, Barnett, SupplyWorks, US Lock, Hardware Express, Maintenance USA, Leran Gas Products, Chem-Dry, Behr, Homelite, Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, Ryobi and Ridgid, American Woodmark, Thomasville Furniture Industries, Husky, Workforce, HDX, Glacier Bay, Commercial Electric, Home Decorators Collection, Home Depot Fuel/The Home Depot, Inc., commonly known as Home Depot, is the largest home improvement retailer in the United States, supplying tools, construction products, and services. The company is headquartered in incorporated Cobb County, Georgia, with an Atlanta mailing address. It operates many big-box format stores across the United States (including the District of Columbia, Guam, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands); all 10 provinces of Canada; and the 31 Mexican states and Mexico City. MRO company Interline Brands (now The Home Depot Pro) is also owned by The Home Depot, with 70 distribution centers across the United States.
27/Phillips 66/Conoco, 76, Chevron Phillips Chemical/The Phillips 66 Company is an American multinational energy company headquartered in Westchase, Houston, Texas. It debuted as an independent energy company when ConocoPhillips executed a spin-off of its downstream and midstream assets. Its name dating back to 1927 as a trademark of the Phillips Petroleum Company, the newly-reconfigured Phillips 66 began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on May 1, 2012, under the ticker PSX. The company is engaged in producing natural gas liquids (NGL) and petrochemicals. The company has approximately 14,000 employees worldwide and is active in more than 65 countries.
28/Comcast/Comcast Spectacor, Leisure Arts, Midco, Sky Group, Xfinity, NBCUniversal, DreamWorks Animation, Comcast Ventures/Comcast Corporation (formerly registered as Comcast Holdings) is an American telecommunications conglomerate headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It is the second-largest broadcasting and cable television company in the world by revenue and the largest pay-TV company, the largest cable TV company and largest home Internet service provider in the United States, and the nation's third-largest home telephone service provider. Comcast provides services to U.S. residential and commercial customers in 40 states and in the District of Columbia.As the parent company of the international media company NBCUniversal since 2011, Comcast is a producer of feature films and television programs intended for theatrical exhibition and over-the-air and cable television broadcast, respectively.
29/Anthem/Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield, Anthem Blue Cross, Empire BlueCross BlueShield, Anthem Life Insurance, AIM Specialty Health, America’s 1st Choice, Amerigroup, Anthem Workers' Compensation, Aspire Health, Beacon Health Options, CareMore, DeCare Dental, Golden West Dental, HealthCore, HealthLink, Health Sun, IngenioRx, Meridian Resource Company, National Government Services Inc., Simply Healthcare Plans, UniCare/Anthem, Inc., is a provider of health insurance in the United States. It is the largest for-profit managed health care company in the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association. As of 2018, the company had approximately 40 million members. Prior to 2014, it was named WellPoint, Inc. The company was formed by the 2004 merger of WellPoint, based in California, and Anthem, based in Indianapolis, after both companies acquired several health insurance companies.
30/Wells Fargo/Wells Fargo Advisors, Wells Fargo Bank N.A., Wells Fargo Rail, Wells Fargo Securities/Wells Fargo & Company is an American multinational financial services company headquartered in San Francisco, California, with managerial offices throughout the United States and overseas. In July 2015, Wells Fargo became the world's largest bank by market capitalization, edging past ICBC, before slipping behind JPMorgan Chase in September 2016, in the wake of a scandal involving the creation of over 2 million fake bank accounts and illegal manipulation of other accounts by Wells Fargo employees.
31/Citigroup/Bank Handlowy, Citibank Argentina, Citibank Australia, Citibank, Citibank Bahrain, Citibank China, Citibank Europe, Citi Private Bank, Citibank Hong Kong, Citibank India, Citigroup Global Markets Japan, Citibank Indonesia, Citibank Korea, Citibank Malaysia, Citibank Russia, Citibank Singapore, Citibank Uganda, Citibank United Arab Emirates, Grupo Financiero Banamex/Citigroup Inc. or Citi (stylized as citi) is an American multinational investment bank and financial services corporation headquartered in New York City. The company was formed by the merger of banking giant Citicorp and financial conglomerate Travelers Group in 1998; Travelers was subsequently spun off from the company in 2002. Citigroup owns Citicorp, the holding company for Citibank, as well as several international subsidiaries. Citi is incorporated in New York.
32/Valero Energy/Valero Gasoline, Valero Diesel Fuel, Valero Ultra-low-sulfur Diesel,Valero Jet Fuel, Valero Asphalt, Valero Petrochemicals, Valero Lubricants/Valero Energy Corporation is a Fortune 500 international manufacturer and marketer of transportation fuels, other petrochemical products, and power. It is headquartered in San Antonio, Texas, United States. Throughout the United States and Canada, the company owns and operates 15 refineries, and one in Wales, with a combined throughput capacity of approximately 3 million barrels (480,000 m3) per day, 11 ethanol plants with a combined production capacity of 1.2 billion US gallons (4,500,000 m3) per year, and a 50-megawatt wind farm. Before the 2013 spinoff of CST Brands, Valero was one of the United States' largest retail operators with approximately 6,800 retail and branded wholesale outlets in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, and the Caribbean under the Valero, Diamond Shamrock, Shamrock, Beacon, and Texaco brands.
33/General Electric/GE Additive, GE Aviation, GE Capital, GE Digital, GE Global Research, GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy, GE Healthcare, GE Power, GE Renewable Energy, GE Ventures/General Electric Company (GE) is an American multinational conglomerate incorporated in New York City and headquartered in Boston. As of 2018, the company operates through the following segments: aviation, healthcare, power, renewable energy, digital industry, additive manufacturing and venture capital and finance.
34/Dell Technologies/VxBlock, Dell Cloud, VMware, Dell Cyber Recovery, PowerMax, PowerFlex, XtremIO, PowerStore, Unity XT, SC Series, PowerVault, VMAX ALL Flash, VxRail, VxFlex Ready Nodes, XC Family, vSAN Ready Nodes, Ruckus, SD-WAN Solution, Vitual Edge platform, Latitude Laptops, OptiPlex Deckstops, Latitude Rugged Series, Precision Workstaions, Chromebook Enterprise, Wyse Thin clients, OpenManage/Dell Technologies Inc. is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Round Rock, Texas. It was formed as a result of the September 2016 merger of Dell and EMC Corporation (which later became Dell EMC). Dell's products include personal computers, servers, smartphones, televisions, computer software, computer security and network security, as well as information security services. Dell ranked 35th on the 2018 Fortune 500 rankings of the largest United States corporations by total revenue.
35/Johnson & Johnson/Ethicon, Mentor, Biosense Webster, LifeScan, Animas Corporation, Acclarent, Codman Neuro, Animas, DePuy Synthes, Advanced Sterilization Products, VISTAKON, NEUTROGENA, AVEENO, DR.CI:LABO, NEOSTRATA, DABAO, TYLENOL, MOTRIN, ZYRTEC, BENADRYL, ZARBEE'S, NICORETTE, LISTERINE, BAND-AID, JOHNSON’S, OGX, MAUI MOISTURE/Johnson & Johnson is an American multinational corporation founded in 1886 that develops medical devices, pharmaceutical, and consumer packaged goods. Johnson & Johnson is headquartered in New Brunswick, New Jersey, the consumer division being located in Skillman, New Jersey. The corporation includes some 250 subsidiary companies with operations in 60 countries and products sold in over 175 countries. Johnson & Johnson's brands include numerous household names of medications and first aid supplies. Among its well-known consumer products are the Band-Aid Brand line of bandages, Tylenol medications, Johnson's Baby products, Neutrogena skin and beauty products, Clean & Clear facial wash and Acuvue contact lenses. Johnson & Johnson's pharmaceutical arm is Janssen Pharmaceutica.
36/State Farm Insurance/State Farm Fire and Casualty Company, State Farm Life Insurance Company, State Farm Life and Accident Assurance Company, State Farm County Mutual Insurance Company of Texas, State Farm Mutual Insurance Company of Texas, State Farm Indemnity Company, State Farm Guaranty Insurance Company, State Farm General Insurance Company, State Farm Florida Insurance Company, Dover Bay Specialty Insurance Company, State Farm Lloyds, State Farm Bank F.S.B., State Farm Investment Management Corp.,State Farm VP Management Corp.,State Farm International Service Inc., State Farm Associate's Funds Trust, State Farm Mutual Fund Trust, SF Insurance Placement Corporation of Canada, Insurance Placement Services Inc., State Farm International Life Insurance Company Ltd., Plaza One Realty Co., State Farm Guaranty Insurance Company, State Farm Variable Product Trust, Amberjack Ltd./State Farm is the largest property and casualty insurance provider in the United States. It is also the largest auto insurance provider in the United States. State Farm relies on exclusive agents (also known as captive agents) to sell insurance. Only State Farm agents can sell State Farm insurance, and their agents can sell only State Farm products.
37/Target/Target Financial and Retail Services, Target Sourcing Services, Good & Gather, Archer Farms, Market Pantry, Simply Balanced, Sutton & Dodge, Boots & Barkley, Embark, Room Essentials, Threshold, Fieldcrest, up & up, Pillowfort, Cat and Jack, Cloud Island, Project 62, Goodfellow & Co., A New Day, JoyLab, Hearth and Hand, Universal Thread, Opalhouse, Heyday, Original Use, Wild Fable, Made By Design, Prologue, Smartly, Auden, Stars Above, Colsie, All In Motion, Cherokee, Circo, Merona, Mossimo Supply Co., Xhilaration, Gilligan & O'Malley, Target Portrait Studio, Target Canada, Target.com/Target Corporation is an American retail corporation. It is the 8th-largest retailer in the United States, and is a component of the S&P 500 Index. Target established itself as the discount division of the Dayton's Company of Minneapolis, Minnesota, in 1962; it began expanding the store nationwide in the 1980s (as part of the Dayton-Hudson Corporation) and introduced new store formats under the Target brand in the 1990s. The company has found success as a cheap-chic player in the industry. The parent company was renamed the Target Corporation in 2000 and divested itself of its last department store chains in 2004. It suffered from a massive and highly publicized security breach of customer credit card data and the failure of its short-lived Target Canada subsidiary in the early 2010s but experienced revitalized success with its expansion in urban markets within the United States. As of 2019, Target operated 1,844 stores throughout the United States. The company is ranked No. 37 on 2020 Fortune 500 list of the largest United States corporations by total revenue. Their retail formats include the discount store Target, the hypermarket SuperTarget, and "small-format" stores previously named CityTarget and TargetExpress before being consolidated under the Target branding.
38/IBM/IBM Hardware, IBM Cloud, Smarter Planet, IBM Watson, alphaWorks, IBM Software/International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) is an American multinational technology and consulting company headquartered in Armonk, New York, with more than 350,000 employees serving clients in 170 countries. Prior to the announced split, IBM produced and sold computer hardware, middleware and software, and provided hosting and consulting services in areas ranging from mainframe computers to nanotechnology. It is also a major research organization, as of 2020 holding the record for most U.S. patents generated by a business for 27 consecutive years. Inventions by IBM include the floppy disk, the hard disk drive, the magnetic stripe card, the relational database, the SQL programming language, the UPC barcode, and dynamic random-access memory (DRAM). The IBM mainframe, exemplified by the System/360, was the dominant computing platform during the 1960s and 1970s.
39/Raytheon Technologies/Pratt & Whitney, Pratt & Whitney Canada, Collins Aerospace, Raytheon Intelligence & Space, Raytheon Missiles & Defense/Raytheon Technologies Corporation is an American multinational conglomerate headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts. The company is one of the largest aerospace and defense manufacturers in the world by revenue and market capitalization. It researches, develops, and manufactures advanced technology products in the aerospace and defense industry, including aircraft engines, avionics, aerostructures, cybersecurity, missiles, air defense systems, and drones. The company is also a large military contractor, getting a significant portion of its revenue from the U.S. government.
40/Boeing/Boeing Commercial Airplanes, Boeing Defense, Space & Security, Phantom Works, Boeing Global Services, Boeing Capital, Boeing Shared Services Group, Boeing NeXt, Boeing Engineering, Test & Technology/The Boeing Company is an American multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and sells airplanes, rotorcraft, rockets, satellites, telecommunications equipment, and missiles worldwide. The company also provides leasing and product support services. Boeing is among the largest global aerospace manufacturers; it is the second-largest defense contractor in the world based on 2018 revenue, and is the largest exporter in the United States by dollar value. Boeing stock is included in the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Boeing is incorporated in Delaware.
41/Freddie Mac/Freddie Mac Diversified Financials/The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (FHLMC), known as Freddie Mac, is a public government-sponsored enterprise (GSE), headquartered in Tysons Corner, Virginia. Freddie Mac is ranked No. 41 on the 2020 Fortune 500 list of the largest United States corporations by total revenue, and has $2.063 trillion assets under management. The FHLMC was created in 1970 to expand the secondary market for mortgages in the US. Along with the Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae), Freddie Mac buys mortgages on the secondary market, pools them, and sells them as a mortgage-backed security to investors on the open market. This secondary mortgage market increases the supply of money available for mortgage lending and increases the money available for new home purchases. The name "Freddie Mac" is a variant of the initialism of the company's full name that was adopted officially for ease of identification.
42/Centene/AcariaHealth, Ambetter, Casenet, Celtic Insurance Company, Operose Health, Centurion, Envolve PeopleCare, Cenpatico, LiveHealthier, NurseWise, Nurtur, Foundation Care, Health Net, LifeShare, LifeShare, OptiCare Managed Vision, Ribera Salud, RxAdvance, Fidelis Care, Trillium Health Care, U.S Medical Management, WellCare, Western Sky Community Care/Centene Corporation is a large publicly traded company and a multi-line managed care enterprise that serves as a major intermediary for both government-sponsored and privately insured health care programs. It is a healthcare insurer that focuses on managed care for uninsured, underinsured, and low-income individuals. Centene is the second-largest publicly traded corporation based in the state of Missouri. It ranked No. 42 in the 2020 Fortune 500 list of the largest United States corporations by total revenue.
43/UPS/UPS U.S. Domestic Package, UPS International Package, UPS Supply Chain & Freight/United Parcel Service (shortened in initials as UPS; stylized in all lowercase) is an American multinational package delivery and supply chain management company. Along with the central package delivery operation, the UPS brand name (in a fashion similar to that of competitor FedEx) is used to denote many of its divisions and subsidiaries, including its cargo airline (UPS Airlines), freight-based trucking operation (UPS Freight, formerly Overnite Transportation), and its delivery drone airline (UPS Flight Forward). The global logistics company is headquartered in the U.S. city of Sandy Springs, Georgia, which is a part of the Greater Atlanta metropolitan area.
44/Lowe's/Lowe's Home improvement/Lowe's Companies, Inc., doing business as Lowe's, is an American retail company specializing in home improvement. Headquartered in Mooresville, North Carolina, the company operates a chain of retail stores in the United States, and Canada. As of November 2018, Lowe's and its related businesses operate over 2,200 home improvement and hardware stores in North America.
45/Intel/Intel Central Processing Units, Intel Microprocessors, Intel Integrated Graphics Grocessing units (iGPU), Intel Systems-on-chip (SoCs), Intel Motherboard Chipsets, Intel Network Interface Controllers, Intel Modems, Intel Mobile Phones, Intel Solid State Drives, Intel Wi-Fi and Bluetooth Chipsets, Intel Flash Memory, Intel Vehicle Automation Sensors/Intel Corporation is an American multinational corporation and technology company headquartered in Santa Clara, California, in Silicon Valley. It is the world's largest and highest-valued semiconductor chip manufacturer on the basis of revenue, and is the developer of the x86 series of microprocessors, the processors found in most personal computers (PCs). Intel ranked No. 46 in the 2018 Fortune 500 list of the largest United States corporations by total revenue. Intel is incorporated in Delaware.
46/Facebook/Facebook(including mobile app and in-app browser), Messenger, Instagram, Portal, Facebook Shops, Oculus, Spark AR Studio, Audience Network, NPE Team/Facebook (stylized as facebook) is an American online social media and social networking service based in Menlo Park, California, and a flagship service of the namesake company Facebook, Inc. It was founded by Mark Zuckerberg, along with fellow Harvard College students and roommates Eduardo Saverin, Andrew McCollum, Dustin Moskovitz, and Chris Hughes.
47/FedEx/FedEx Express, Caribbean Transport Services, TNT Express, FedEx Ground, FedEx Home Delivery, FedEx SmartPost, FedEx Freight, FedEx Freight Canada, FedEx Logistics, FedEx Services, FedEx Supply Chain, FedEx Office/FedEx Corporation is an American multinational delivery services company headquartered in Memphis, Tennessee. The name "FedEx" is a syllabic abbreviation of the name of the company's original air division, Federal Express (now FedEx Express), which was used from 1973 until 2000. The company is known for its overnight shipping service and pioneering a system that could track packages and provide real-time updates on package location, a feature that has now been implemented by most other carrier services. FedEx is also one of the top contractors of the US government.
48/MetLife/MetLife Life Insurance, MetLife Dental, MetLife Disability, MetLife Annuities, MetLife Auto & Home, MetLife Critical Illness Insurance/MetLife, Inc. is the holding corporation for the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company (MLIC), better known as MetLife, and its affiliates. MetLife is among the largest global providers of insurance, annuities, and employee benefit programs, with 90 million customers in over 60 countries. The firm was founded on March 24, 1868.
49/Walt Disney/Disney Enterprises Inc, TWDC Enterprises 18 Corporation, Disney Worldwide Services Inc, The Disney Children's Center Inc, D23, Earth Star Inc, Synergy Group, Grand Central Creative Campus, Walt Disney Pictures, Disneynature, Marvel Studios, Lucasfilm, 20th Century Studios, Searchlight Pictures, Walt Disney Animation Studios, Pixar, 20th Century Animation, Marvel Animation, Lucasfilm Animation, Disney Digital Studio Services, Studio Production Services, Disney Theatrical Productions, Buena Vista Theatrical, Walt Disney Television, FX Networks, Disney Branded Television, National Geographic Partners, ABC News, ABC, A&E Networks, ESPN, Disney Media and Entertainment Distribution, Disney Channels Worldwide, Fox Networks Group/The Walt Disney Company, commonly known as Disney, is an American diversified multinational mass media and entertainment conglomerate headquartered at the Walt Disney Studios complex in Burbank, California. Disney was originally founded on October 16, 1923, by brothers Walt and Roy O. Disney as the Disney Brothers Cartoon Studio; it also operated under the names The Walt Disney Studio and Walt Disney Productions before officially changing its name to The Walt Disney Company in 1986. The company established itself as a leader in the American animation industry before diversifying into live-action film production, television, and theme parks.
50/Procter & Gamble/Always, Ariel, Bounty paper towels, Charmin, Crest toothpaste, Dawn, Downy, Fairy, Febreze, Gain, Gillette, Head & Shoulders, Olay, Oral-B, Pampers & Pampers Kandoo, Luvs, Pantene, SK-II, Tide, Vicks/The Procter & Gamble Company (P&G) is an American multinational consumer goods corporation headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, founded in 1837 by William Procter and James Gamble. It specializes in a wide range of personal health and consumer health, and personal care and hygiene products; these products are organized into several segments including Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care; and Baby, Feminine, & Family Care. Before the sale of Pringles to Kellogg's, its product portfolio also included foods, snacks, and beverages. P&G is incorporated in Ohio.
50/P&G/Always, Ariel, Bounty paper towels, Charmin, Crest toothpaste, Dawn, Downy, Fairy, Febreze, Gain, Gillette, Head & Shoulders, Olay, Oral-B, Pampers & Pampers Kandoo, Luvs, Pantene, SK-II, Tide, Vicks/The Procter & Gamble Company (P&G) is an American multinational consumer goods corporation headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, founded in 1837 by William Procter and James Gamble. It specializes in a wide range of personal health and consumer health, and personal care and hygiene products; these products are organized into several segments including Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care; and Baby, Feminine, & Family Care. Before the sale of Pringles to Kellogg's, its product portfolio also included foods, snacks, and beverages. P&G is incorporated in Ohio.




